Auth: Add skip_org_role_sync setting to OAuth integration Google (#61572)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/google/index.md

Grafana uses a refresh token to obtain a new access token without requiring the user to log in again. If a refresh token doesn't exist, Grafana logs the user out of the system after the access token has expired.

By default, Grafana includes the `access_type=offline` parameter in the authorization request to request a refresh token.

## Skip organization role sync

> We do not currently sync roles from Google and instead set the AutoAssigned role to the user at first login. To be able to manage your users organization role from within Grafana , set `skip_org_role_sync` to `true`.

Author: @kalleep should we let them know that we are not syncronizating the roles. Than we should not mention it in the docs. 
I think we should mention it, as it is the truth and they could read it from the code anyways. 🤔 

Wdyt?

> We do not currently sync roles from Google and instead set the AutoAssigned role to the user at first login. To be able to manage your users organization role from within Grafana , set `skip_org_role_sync` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not currently sync roles from Google and instead set the AutoAssigned role to the user at first login. To manage your user's organization role from within Grafana, set `skip_org_role_sync` to `true`.
```
